Those last error messages were a little bit generic and
didn't really fit our application very good.
Let's customize that a little bit.
Let's start off by going into our JSP page and adding
a field‑specific validation error.
So I'm going to add another td in here and a form:errors path="name",
and that's referring to the element or the variable inside
of our registration object called name, and a CSS class of error,
that's the CSS class we defined up above.
I need to change this table to be three columns now because we
have now added that third column on there.
And let's save this.
Now all this is going to do is just going to display the
error message that we're returning.
It's the same error message that we already have in our class Registration.
Registration, if you remember on line 7 here, is just saying not empty.
But how do we customize that error?
Well, it's actually really cool.
So I'm going to create another comment in here and just say validations,
and from here I'm going to take the type of validation that we're doing,
which is a not empty on line 7.
I'm going to say NotEmpty., and it goes to the actual instance name.
So we are commonly referring to this as Registration.
If you look at our controller,
we're returning an instance of the registration object
under the ModelAttribute registration.
So we want to go back to our message.properties and say
registration.name. So NotEmpty on the registration object on the
member variable name=Name can not be empty, please fix.
You can obviously name it whatever you want.
And if you're going to do this in Spanish,
you'll want to do the same thing in that message's properties as well.
It'll work if we just stay in English.
But just so you don't forget, I'm just going to change this to say in Spanish.
You can do the translation later.
That's all we had to do though. Our messages.properties,
you do the validation that you're trying to achieve, the name of that
instance, and the variable instance that you're trying to tie that to, so
it does it all off of a name value‑key pair, the actual string that we
want to fix, and now we can run it.
So let's restart our server here. Now when we go into our registration,
we can click on it.
If it's not there, now we have Name can not be empty, please fix.
So it will show you the specific error, and we showed it at the
whole page level and the individual field level.
You can play with that and add validations to all the fields you
have in there and do it in a programmatic fashion. It works really
well, and this is all internationalized.
So we've internationalized our application. We've
internationalized our error messages.
Everything is working, and the validation is really easy to do.
So you can see how this is a really handy way for you to validate stuff.
By the way, this bean validation just doesn't work for UI.
You can use this anywhere in your application.
I see a lot of people do programmatic things where they go
try and apply this validation on their own.
You can use the validation utils inside of that bean
validator to run that across your object,
so there's no reason for you to code it yourself.
You can pass an object in and ask if it's valid and have that return. That's all Spring's doing behind the scenes. Works really well.